Add icons accessibility callout (#2607)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: docs/patterns/icons.md

Icons provide visual context and enhance usability, they can be added via an `<i>` element like so: `<i class="p-icon--{name}"></i>`

### Accessibility

> For accessibility purposes, you can add text within the `alt` attribute inside an icon which will not be displayed. Like so in our example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessibility purposes, you can add text inside the icon element which will not be displayed to the user. E.g.
```

Author: Nice suggestion. Will update 👍
